## Touch Me Not
We represent Team Rx and our entry for the Hack for Sweden Hackathon is Touch Me Not Social Distancing app. In these times of crisis when Corona virus has spread like wild fire and has resulted in loss of  many human lives we decided to build an app that would enable people to practice social distancing and prevent its spread. In this modern era every person has a smart phone and it is something which the person always keeps in his vicinity. So, it wont be incorrect to say that the distance between two users is more or less equivalent to the distance between their smartphones.  Touch Me Not works on this very concept and in fact extends this concept further to assume that if the mobile phones of users are found to be maintaining the social distance limits their users too are maintaining social distancing.  
In order to find the distance between two different phones we take into the account the signal strength loss that takes place during transmission of Blue tooth signal from the transmitter phone to receiver phone. If the receiver knows the original Transmitting power and the Received signal strength at the signal receiving phone, the receiving phone can calculate the distance between the Transmitting phone and Receiving phone.
In order to demonstrate this through Touch Me Not, we will install the Touch Me Not app on receiving phone. Once we start the discovery of other phones on Touch Me Not App the app will try to find the various toherm pbile phones in vicinity and determine the distance between other mobile phones and the phone on which Touch Me Not is installed. if the distance is not within the social distancing guidelines Touch Me Not will  generate a notification and vibrating alert. 

